Care and cleaning.
Practice good backup hygiene and
maintain regular backups of your iPhone,
particularly before entering into a
situation where there is a high chance of theft
or harsh environments.
Avoid needless drops or impacts of
your LifeProof case, as damage to the
case or the iPhone is always
a possibility.
Perform a water test after
each serious impact.
Do not use abrasive solvents, bleach,
petroleum, or oxidizing agents on the
case.
Although the screen has a scratch
resistant coating, avoid placing your
LifeProof screen
where it can be scratched or gouged.
Avoid temperature extremes. To ensure
longevity, and correct operation of
your iPhone,
do not go outside Apple's recommended
operating temperature of zero degrees
centigrade or thirty-two degrees
fahrenheit,
to thirty-five degrees centigrade or
ninety five degrees fahrenheit.
Avoid allowing people inexperienced in
the operation or use of your LifeProof
case, to use it in water.
They may open a port or do something
that could result in a leakage.
This especially applies to children,
with curious fingers.
Do not use bleach, solvents, or abrasive
polishes.
Do not use abrasive cleaning pads or
brushes, as these could scratch the
optical surfaces or case finish.
Don't put your LifeProof into the
dishwasher,
or into harsh chemical environments,
or excessive heat.
For minor cleaning, wipe with a warm damp
soft cloth.
For a more thorough clean, ensure all ports are
closed, and wash under fresh running
water.
Only use diluted mild detergent
when cleaning your LifeProof case,
as dishwashing detergent directly onto
the case is too harsh.
A few drops in a glass of water is just
about right.
Now rinse thoroughly.
Shake the excess water off,
and dry gently with a soft clean cloth.
Use an eyeglass safe microfiber cloth if
further wiping is needed on the
touchscreen area.
The case interior.
The LifeProof case is fully sealed from water,
dust, and mud, and rarely needs to be cleaned.
We recommend cleaning the inside of
the case
only if it becomes contaminated by
fingerprints or dirt.
To clean the inside of the case,
open the case and remove the iPhone.
Use a diluted mild detergent, and a soft
cloth with warm fresh water to clean,
then rinse well. Shake excess water off and
dry gently with a clean soft cloth.
Use an eyeglass safe microfiber cloth
if further wiping is needed on the
touchscreen area inside.
Ensure all parts of the case are clean and
dry,
and check that the o-ring is correctly
seated in place and clean without
any lint, before following reassembly
instructions.
For cleaning the o-ring, tap
it out of the case.
For cleaning the o-ring, remove the
o-ring and wash it in diluted
detergent,
in warm fresh running water.
Do not set it down on any surface,
instead shake and dry. Align the top
corners first and press the remainder on
until the bottom.
Never use silicon lubricants.
The o-ring.
Inspect the o-ring channel to ensure
that it is clean of any lint, dirt, sand,
or muck,
as this will cause a leak.
The o-ring channel may need cleaning if
it becomes contaminated with mud or
sand.
This is to ensure its continued
waterproofness.
Gently clean, making sure not to scratch
the screen area or acoustic vents.
The camera lens.
To clean the camera lens, use rubbing
or isopropyl alcohol, or methylated spirits on
a cotton tip, or a Q-tip,
to clean the lens.
Clean the inside and outside of the camera
lens as needed.
The touchscreen.
Use an eyeglass safe microfiber cloth
if minor wiping is needed.
For a more thorough clean, follow the
instructions to clean the case's exterior.
We hope you have enjoyed the LifeProof
instruction manual.
LifeProof is all about freedom.
The freedom to be in touch,
to build friendships, and to have
companionship in the most unlikely
places.
LifeProof opens up new horizons and
opportunities,
and new places that you can explore.
Now it's your turn to use that freedom.
Let's go!